feat(serverless): add more entries in faq/troubleshooting (#3477)
scaleway/docs-content: faq/serverless-functions.mdx

**Total monthly cost: €45.72**

> ## How to select the right resources (vCPU/RAM) for Serverless Functions ?

Reviewer: same comments are before

> ## How to select the right resources (vCPU/RAM) for Serverless Functions ?
> 
> Too low vCPU and RAM values can lead to functions going to error status so it's important to select enough of vCPU and RAM.
> The recommended approach is to set high values and then use metrics [(see documentation)](/serverless/functions/how-to/monitor-function/) to monitor
> the usage of resources and to adjust the value.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## How to select the right resources (vCPU/RAM) for Serverless Functions ?

Insufficient vCPU and RAM resources can lead to functions going to error status. Make sure to provision enough resources for your function.

We recommend you set high values, [use metrics to monitor](/serverless/functions/how-to/monitor-function/) the resource usage of your function, then adjust the value accordingly.
```

## How to reduce cold-start of Serverless Functions ?

> * **Optimise the startup**: Cold-start can be affected by a loading a large number of dependencies and opening lot of resources at startup.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
* **Optimize the startup**: Cold-start can be affected by a loading a large number of dependencies and opening lot of resources at startup.
```
